# Links to articles from Microsoft

## Introduction to Microsoft Intune

Microsoft Intune securely manages identities, manages apps, and manages devices  
https://docs.microsoft.com/de-de/mem/intune/fundamentals/what-is-intune

##  Intune Architecture and Components

High-level architecture for Microsoft Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/high-level-architecture

### Set up Microsoft Intune

Sign up or sign in to Microsoft Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/account-sign-up

Configure a custom domain name  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/custom-domain-name-configure  

Add users and grant administrative permission to Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/users-add  

Add groups to organize users and devices  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/groups-add  

Set up Microsoft Intune (Step by Step)  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/deployment-plan-setup

Set the mobile device management authority  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/mdm-authority-set  

### Role-based access control (RBAC)

Role-based access control (RBAC) with Microsoft Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/role-based-access-control

Assign a role to an Intune user  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/assign-role  

Use role-based access control (RBAC) and scope tags for distributed IT  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/scope-tags

## Licensing

Microsoft Intune licensing  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/licenses  

Assign licenses to users so they can enroll devices in Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/licenses-assign  

Unlicensed admins  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/unlicensed-admins  

## Device enrollment and registration

Enrollment guide: Microsoft Intune enrollment  
https://docs.microsoft.com/de-de/mem/intune/fundamentals/deployment-guide-enrollment

What are enrollment restrictions?  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/enrollment/enrollment-restrictions-set  

Enrollment guide: Enroll Windows client devices in Microsoft Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/deployment-guide-enrollment-windows

Enrollment guide: Enroll Android devices in Microsoft Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/deployment-guide-enrollment-android  

Enrollment guide: Enroll iOS and iPadOS devices in Microsoft Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/deployment-guide-enrollment-ios-ipados

Enrollment guide: Enroll Linux desktop devices in Microsoft Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/deployment-guide-enrollment-linux

Enrollment guide: Enroll macOS devices in Microsoft Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/fundamentals/deployment-guide-enrollment-macos

Incomplete user enrollments report  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/enrollment/enrollment-report-company-portal-abandon  

### Windows Autopilot

Windows Autopilot: What's new  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/autopilot/windows-autopilot-whats-new  






https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/autopilot/enrollment-autopilot

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/protect/privacy-personal-data

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/client-management/mdm/configuration-service-provider-reference

https://docs.microsoft.com/de-de/mem/intune/configuration/custom-settings-windows-10

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/protect/privacy-personal-data

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/configuration/provisioning-packages/how-it-pros-can-use-configuration-service-providers

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/client-management/mdm/policy-configuration-service-provider

https://github.com/Microsoft/Microsoft-Win32-Content-Prep-Tool

https://chromeenterprise.google/browser/download/

https://support.google.com/chrome/a/answer/187202?hl=de

https://businessstore.microsoft.com/en-us/store

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/protect/privacy-personal-data

https://www.dell.com/en-us/work/shop/help-me-choose/cp/hmc-autopilot

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/update/waas-overview

https://aka.ms/mdep1trial

https://config.office.com/

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/update/waas-overview

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/protect/certificates-scep-configure

https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/app-proxy/active-directory-app-proxy-protect-ndes

https://psappdeploytoolkit.com/

## Delivery Optimization

Delivery Optimization settings for Windows devices in Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/configuration/delivery-optimization-settings

Delivery Optimization settings in Microsoft Intune  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/mem/intune/configuration/delivery-optimization-windows

Configuring Microsoft Intune devices for Windows Update for Business reports  
https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/deployment/update/wufb-reports-configuration-intune